"You know, a long time ago being crazy meant something. Nowadays everybody's crazy." - Charles Manson
"I never thought I was normal, never tried to be normal." - Charles Manson
"I never had long hair before I got busted. I never had a beard before I got busted." - Charles Manson
"I loved my mother, she's a good girl." - Charles Manson
"Getting up every day and going through this again and again is hard." - Charles Manson
"From the world of darkness I did loose demons and devils in the power of scorpions to torment." - Charles Manson
"I was a beatnik in the '50s before the hippies came along." - Charles Manson
"Just because you're convicted in a court room doesn't mean you're guilty of something." - Charles Manson
"How old am I? I'm as old as my mother told me. How's that?" - Charles Manson
"I'm not of this generation." - Charles Manson
"My life is not important here." - Charles Manson
"We're not in Wonderland anymore Alice." - Charles Manson
"The real strong have no need to prove it to the phonies." - Charles Manson
"Remorse for what? You people have done everything in the world to me. Doesn't that give me equal right?" - Charles Manson
"Pain's not bad, it's good. It teaches you things. I understand that." - Charles Manson
"Did I kill anyone?" - Charles Manson
"I punched my mother out once." - Charles Manson
"I ain't got no magical powers and mystical trips and all that kind of crap. It's kind of silly." - Charles Manson
"No sense makes sense." - Charles Manson
"Living is what scares me. Dying is easy." - Charles Manson
"I have X'd myself from your world." - Charles Manson
"I have killed no one and I have ordered no one to be killed." - Charles Manson
"If you're going to do something, do it well. And leave something witchy." - Charles Manson
"I will have you removed if you don't stop. I have a little system of my own." - Charles Manson
"I'm probably one of the most dangerous men in the world if I want to be. But I never wanted to be anything but me." - Charles Manson
"My father is the jailhouse. My father is your system... I am only what you made me. I am only a reflection of you." - Charles Manson
"I can't judge any of you. I have no malice against you and no ribbons for you." - Charles Manson
"So for you people who are filled with fear that I might someday be released: breathe easy, I don't see it happening." - Charles Manson
"I can't dislike you, but I will say this to you: you haven't got long before you are all going to kill yourselves, because you are all crazy. And you can project it back at me, but I am only what lives inside each and every one of you." - Charles Manson